hi everybody and welcome to my bedroom
today I'm going to film a Q&A video I'm
going to answer some questions that you
guys have sent in thank you so much to
everyone who sent in questions I'm a
little bit overwhelmed with how many got
sent in so I've chosen my favorite ones
I'm really sir if I don't get around to
answering your question but I am going
to do future Q&A so maybe I'll answer it
then and there are also some questions
I've already answered in a Q&A over
Christmas time so I've got my Q&A
questions on my laptop here cuz I'm not
organized I guess see how many I can get
through quick run-through for people who
don't know me I'm Paige I study physical
Natural Sciences at the University of
Cambridge I've just done my first year
and I didn't answer some questions so
you'll learn more about me in this video
anyway okay so the first question is
what is the food like Jesus how much are
the meals act CAF so CAF is the Jesus
College cafeteria for those who don't
know the food at Jesus is actually
really good I thought I was a fussy
eater but I don't think I am anymore
because I literally like everything they
serve so basically you walk into the
cafeteria and they usually have three
mains options including one vegetarian
there's always side you can have
desserts as well and it is quite pricey
we pay a kitchen fix charge each term
that everyone has to pay or I think it's
a hundred and eighty pounds of time and
then you have to pay on top of that
approximately three pounds per meal but
the bonus is you don't have to spend
time cooking for yourself each day you
literally walk up to Kass and in five
minutes you have your food on your plate
ready for you to eat
it's just so quick and easy to do which
is why I do like being catered at uni
you can add a self cater it Cambridge as
well though all the closures have
kitchens the next question is what is
the nightlife like at Cambridge I
actually really like it because I'm not
like that wild student
I hate packed clubs like I hate them
they're really not my scene I get really
claustrophobic I don't like it so kind
of empty clubs are kind of my thing so I
suppose Cambridge nightlife fits the
bill really there's
clubs in Cambridge I want to say like
it's not a dad the students at Cambridge
alike and the other students they
obviously enjoy going out and having fun
some clubs and then for paying like
cheesy music but I actually quite liked
all the cheesy music so again it's a
thumbs up from me for that a common
misconception is that the nightlife is
non-existent
that's not the case don't have too high
expectations but also there is a little
bit of nightlife the next question is
how often do you go out to formal hall
so formal hall is a three-course meal
when you get your food served to you in
the college Hall and it's like a
separate thing from your cafeteria so
the cafeteria is the really casual thing
and formal Hall is the thing where you
get dressed up you wear your gown and
it's seven pounds per person which is
actually really decent and I love going
to the formal her I've been quite a lot
I think I went ten times to formal cool
in that second term and considering
terms are only eight weeks long that's
more than once a week because it's
always like it's someone's birthday
there's some sort of thing I need to
celebrate or I just want to go and
chatter my friends and have a nice meal
at the end of the week so I'm always
booking formal as I've always been
convinced to go to them because they're
so reasonably priced I I don't feel bad
going quite a lot the next question is
do you ever get lonely I think this
question has come about because and love
my study with me down the life type
videos I seem to be by myself studying
for a lot of the time so a comment but
the answer is no I never get lonely the
fact is I actually see quite a little
people throughout my day as a sciences
student I spend a lot of my time in
lectures or labs or supervision I have a
lot of contact hours so I'm always
around other people on my course so even
when I'm learning like in labs and stuff
there's people around to chat to I've
always got company and because obviously
I'm living in a staircase with lots of
other people there's always people to
socialize with and it's really important
to make time for your social life at uni
however much work you think you might
have it's always important to be
chatting to people to maintain good
mental health really so the next
question is
where is your favorite place in
Cambridge this is a hard one and yes
there are lots of really nice parks that
I like walking or cycling for in
Cambridge and loads of lovely
picturesque views lovely architecture in
Cambridge but I think my favorite place
has to be the roost cafe which is the
Jesus College cafe I didn't really
discover the roost properly until my
second term and then I was like wow this
place has it all it's a great place to
socialize it's a great place to study
they do amazing coffee and amazing
millionaires shortbread and it turns
into a bar in the evening and it's the
best college bar going in my opinion the
roost is amazing and it's definitely my
favorite place next question is do you
play a musical instrument
I started playing clarinet when I was 10
and I had lessons for many many years of
until I was 18 I play the saxophone as
well and I think it wasn't the lessons
I've enjoyed most with my clarinet it
was playing in my local youth band
playing music with other people it just
makes it so much fun do you feel the
support system for students at Cambridge
is good or could it be better I think it
is really really really good when I
arrived in freshers week they had all
the freshers sat down and the coolers
told us all the different places we
could get support if we needed it
because obviously at Cambridge it's a
very intense academic environment and
the students are definitely going to be
more susceptible to stress and mental
health issues so there's always support
for that my friends are a great support
system at Cambridge as well and we will
just kind of band together there's
welfare officers there are tutorial
advisors there are director of studies
who are all there to support you if you
need them the next question is how old
are you I am 19 and I will be 20 in
December and the next question what
career path do you want to take after
you finish your degree do you see
yourself doing a masters and I thought
I'd update you with this because you
know I'm not usual self who knows what
I'm doing so I want to do physics a
physics B and maths as my three modules
for next year with the view to
specialise in astrophysics in the third
year and
that'll complete my bachelor's and after
that I haven't quite decided yet
so I could do a master's again I'd be
doing my fourth year specializing in
astrophysics
there is the option to go and do a PhD
and kind of get a career in astrophysics
research the idea of that is quite you
know quite exciting but I've been doing
some research into the astrophysics job
market and it doesn't seem great to be
honest with you like I looked it up and
there was some stat like only 30% of
people who get a PhD in astrophysics
actually managed to find a position in
astrophysics after their PhD and after
your PhD you tend to have lots of
temporary positions until you finally
settle in one permanent position it
seems quite tying as to like you have to
take what you can get and you don't have
much choice in where you're working the
idea it sounds really exciting but it's
just you know do I want to be going to
all that effort all those years of
studying for that PhD and you know not
even getting a position in astrophysics
after it I'm not sure there are lots of
career options for me if I just left
with my bachelor's degree
maybe I'll satisfy my interest in
astrophysics in my third year and
that'll be it and then I'll go off and
get a job maybe outside of science I
just thought about becoming an actuary
maybe and like getting professional
qualifications or some sort of other
professional qualification I'm not sure
I'm gonna have to think about it but
obviously I'm keeping you updated that's
where I'm at at the moment if you want
to give me advice go for it very much
appreciate it the next question is do
you have a part-time job and did you get
a job during a levels so while I was at
sixth form
I had a Saturday job at a local coffee
shop and I absolutely loved it I worked
with really nice people and I actually
really enjoyed making coffee for people
and I love the fact that I was being a
little bit more independent I was
earning my own money it was like the
first step towards adulthood so I would
highly recommend getting a part-time job
while it's six form not too many hours
there because you know concentrate on
your levels you've got to get that
balance my eight hours a week was just
the right amount as for now while we're
at uni we're not actually allowed to
have a
time job which I know is unusual a lot
of students do get jobs while uni and I
think that's a great idea if you have
time but at Cambridge the terms are so
sure and the workload is so intense you
just don't have time for a part-time job
and they just don't allow it but the
university holidays at Cambridge are
really really really long over the
Christmas holiday I went back to my
coffee shop job and did quite a few
hours there which was great because as a
student it's great to be earning a
little bit more money because University
is expensive so the next question is do
you have any advice on how to do well
during 6:4 keep your eye on the ball
make sure you're doing all your
assignments you are set and my good
years they did this thing called flips
learning you would learn a topic using
the textbook at home in your own time
and then you go to the lesson and have
lesson on that topic I said your
teachers are there to help you so ask
them lots of questions and comes to your
lessons prepared and what you're going
to ask them even if your school doesn't
do flip learning I would really
recommend looking over the textbook
pages in whatever topic you're gonna be
studying that lesson just so you're
prepared in advance for what you're
going to be studying so the next
question is if I struggle with lab work
then as a chemistry degree not for me
and I put this one in because when I was
at sixth form in my chemistry ailable I
was like the worst person at lab work
ever like a teacher gave me like it was
a bottle and it had like chemicals in it
still and she was like whatever you do
don't turn it upside down and what do I
do
I turned it upside down and got whatever
was in that bottle all over my work but
anyway back to the question I struggled
with lab work during a levels and I have
gone absolutely fine with the lab work
for chemistry at uni I'd say if you
dislike that work then a chemistry
degree is not for you because it does
include a lot of lab work but if you
struggle with it I feel like you can
learn the next question is who are you
living with in second year on their list
names you might have seen them in the
vlogs if you haven't you'll probably see
them next year because they're all going
to be in the same staircase as me and so
I am living with Astrid Ella will add
him Emma Hijjah Ayesha Ono and me I
thought I'd forgotten someone there and
like I was feeling terrible next
question is how do you survive unique
when you're shy as someone who is quite
shy or was quite shy I used to think
that when I was talking to people that
they think that anything I said was
weird I used to think oh no they might
not like me oh it's better I don't say
anything but now I realize looking back
that they probably thought I was more
weird and not saying anything at all
that and they probably would have
actually quite liked me if I'd actually
you know been able to hold a decent
conversation with them but you know what
can you do
obviously when you get to uni be
yourself don't put on a front but if you
want to inject a bit more confidence
into yourself
no one's gonna know that you aren't that
confident are they so the next question
is how did you make friends at uni and
how long did it take for your close
friendship group to form I've been
getting a lot of questions about making
friends I know it sounds like a lot of
people are really worried but honestly
friendships form so naturally the first
thing I went to was the freshers
barbecue and I literally if I saw the
first few people standing in a group
around me waiting for food at the
barbecue and I introduced myself and
asked what subject they were doing and
then I started to people in my staircase
people on my course and I just clicked
with some people more than others and
you know that's how the close friendship
group Falls but I don't think you
instantly make friends like friendships
obviously take a while to form and grow
stronger sometimes you might not meet
your closest friends straightaway the
people you're friendly with in first
term might not be the people you remain
friendly with in second term or the
following year eventually you're gonna
find people who you really really click
with so the next question is how do you
prepare for the NSAA
which is the Natural Sciences admissions
assessment so I know for a lot of
subjects these days there are admissions
assessments for Cambridge just do the
specimen paper if there are passed
papers available definitely do those
Olympiad style papers are always going
to be helpful and just practice exam
questions on the time
conditions seriously time conditions is
the one thing that oh my god the timings
in that paper just be strict with
yourself as well if you have to move on
to the next section just move on in that
paper and yeah I think that's all the
advice I can give really the next
question is how do you deal with
academic pressure it's not other people
really putting the pressure on me in my
case it's me putting the pressure on
myself I've always had this real drive
to do well I set these really high goals
for myself and yes it does make me feel
pressured sometimes but sometimes I just
have to sit back take a deep breath and
think if this doesn't go the way I want
it to it is not the be-all and end-all
they're always roots forward and there
are much worse things happening in the
world that people should be stressing
about rather than you know a result in
an exam the next question is a quick one
it is how to Lee you and I am 5 foot 4
actually five foot three and a half I
think but I always round that one up and
it's average height 5 foot 4 people say
I'm short and I'm like no no no I am
average height next question is do you
exercise while at university do you
think it's possible to exercise while at
uni last year I did worm and Latin
dancing and I did that quite a few times
a week so I actually was exercising
quite a lot in my first two second terms
third term I barely did any exercise at
all unless you count cycling to and from
lectures actually I probably would
catnap because I was usually running
late so I was cycling so fast that
actually it was probably quite good
exercise over the summer I've kind of
been going to legs bumps and Tom's
classes with my mum and I've been
enjoying them and I've been getting more
into getting a bit more healthier and
Fitness is becoming more of a thing I've
got my hula-hoop and I'd like to do that
every day so I want to get an induction
at the Jesus gym and kind of go there
even if it's just once a week because I
do want to stay fit I say that now and I
probably won't but I'm hoping what this
video holds me to it so you know be much
appreciated if you could all
periodically message me being like Paige
have you been to the gym this week okay
the next question is how do you stay
focused for a long time on studying I
find I will go
very distractive if my phone is anywhere
near me so I usually put my phone to a
side also timing myself because a the
timer is on my phone so I can't go on my
phone and I feel like timing myself just
makes me focus you know it makes me
think of exams and that makes me stay
focused a bit longer
however quick note is only healthy to
take regular breaks from studying don't
otherwise you're just gonna burn
yourself out so do take regular breaks
to have a coffee with your friends next
question this will be quick to answer
it's do you have a boyfriend and the
answer is no so the next question is
what was the hardest of your for
first-year subjects so in first year I
took physics chemistry maths and
Sciences I found earth science is the
hardest or I thought I did but then I
got the best mark on it out of all of
them so who knows maybe I just put more
work into it cuz I found it hardest I
don't know not much more to say really I
think it's kind of personal to everyone
I just found earth science is hard
because it was like identifying rocks
and recognizing things I'm in the
microscope I just found that quite hard
to get to grips with next question is
how do you deal with stress so sometimes
I get a little bit stressed you might
have seen in my exams for logs I seemed
a little bit stressed and yes I was
stressed when I'm stressed about a
deadline or about revising for an exam
the best thing I can do is actually
revise for that exam and what I'm doing
work towards it it just makes me feel
better because I think I've got less to
stress about now because I'm doing this
work and if I've got a deadline I'm like
I've got less to stress about now
because I'm making a step towards
sorting things out if I'm stressed about
getting things done on time I'll like
write down a time line and I feel like
I've made a step towards the thing I'm
feeling stressed about and solving it
the next questions are a few of these it
was what type of school should you go to
did you go to a grammar school I went to
two different schools for GCSEs and
a-levels I went to a all-girls secondary
school and it was a state comprehensive
it was a good school though I really
really liked that school then that
school finished at year 11 so after
you've done your GCSEs you had to change
school so then I went to a six for
college for my a-levels again
a state non-selective comprehensive
school again it was a very very good
school and they really really learned
really helpful with my application to
Cambridge as well which I'm really
grateful for the next question is is
there a goal you would like to achieve
this year I would really like to get a
2:1 at least okay so that's it today
give the video a like if you want to see
more Q&A videos on this channel I would
love if you could subscribe and hit the
notification bell and you'll be notified
when I upload and I've been trying to
post more on my Instagram recently so
that's been quite active so you should
follow me on there I'll put a link in
the description my username is at under
school page under school why and I think
that's it yeah thank you so much for
watching and I'll see you soon with
another video bye
[Music]